Hello everyone, with you, they will show you today
you with a braided jacket for no one
the secret is getting colder outside
and even here las vegas is generally needed
already so warm to wear were warm
things
so I want to show you some of
I have recently been some new and
let's start by itself on estrus this a
let's go make artificial
such a fur it is so pretty light but
lukewarm squeeze him his lan
relatively new with me and with him
listening length is very nice of dresses
with pants and jeans his icon
take a closer look so easy
that's how the type of lamb is not lamb me
it seems very fashionable and such a direction
in faux fur that's it
the season
and the color is so beige neutral
so creamy beige is very, very me
like and also fasten signs
large
buttons are also very easy to have pockets
and as I am already active and like that on
I like our strength very much and it seems to me
just such a light weight and who
are they warm here
artificial overcoat
and wrap a delicate coat of artfully world
they just make sense
to excuse me.
This is also a delicious honey but the company is very
nice though i bought in a big village
also new tip from the movie vertically
This direction is the company BBC B
jay max azria and so very
very high quality under natural
You can say a delicious fur
bomber jacket
Cinta is also popular skin squatting
I love this style and show you
color so i would say
greenish beige and suddenly if close
look there are such here so to speak
greenish shades to more such
gray beige
there is also a zipper
My husband is very comfortable and easy
light
sometimes such things artfully fur not
no such weight is for very light and
I really like the next handful of you
already see and Sarah is also very active and
our and showed repeatedly like
strings and structured jackets
it is already in the glass style motorcycle
moto style and also kosovo po.
black leather jacket is like me
the rule is no
.
I have not a new one this is a real mink
and natural fur is a designer
I have a jacket for many years now but she
as if there is a nose it is also in
bamboo style
short such relative jacket on
very warm and every winter carried
I remember it was made even in Italy
very very high quality jacket and
mink
help
lead and this is so warm and fleece
black is just like that
short jacket
but this is such a thicker material
so for las vegas the thing is me
liked there is so big
the collar is so beautiful on the shoulders
and somewhat diagonally too and also
pockets in general black color of course
same black jacket about need wardrobe
any women such sex semi sports
classic style this is james perse very
good design
and
preference of what i got from
faux fur also he's under
Called integer is Siberian
tiger then coloring
but also very good hot water bottle tight
full of century, artificial and love those
vest and because really like
say you can see what's under you and
here, too, from car to car
since i'm on car luck wanting like
once again here is a vest they are more comfortable even
than completely jackets and a color too
light
I really liked it and see from
such guitars limit on and as if under
Siberian tiger fur is such a texture
the last bits of the general won't even
and its on demand here I am by the way
one of the videos when I was still choosing her
dressing that's just before you fell
sports jacket 100 cm in such a pile
very nice here too with a hood she
she's so lukewarm and just
I have a good pink sneakers
fits my sports wardrobe
Here is such a cool I think too
need in every wardrobe today
show and tell tell me what you
purchased this season and which insole
dots you like bye